Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[soft holiday music]
[cars honking]
[indistinct chatter]
[Michael Bublé's
"Cold December Night"]
- ♪ But now I know what
my heart wants you to bring ♪
♪ So please just fall in love
with me ♪
♪ This Christmas.
there's nothing else ♪
- Well. here you are. sir.
- Oh. thank you.
- Here you go.
My lovely wife.
Here.
You take this.
And...
cheers to your fifth year here.
[chuckles]
- I will drink to that.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
So Wyatt. any big plans
for the holidays?
Oh. are you finally gonna meet
Lindsey's parents?
- Oh. um. Lindsey and I
broke up in October.
- Oh.
Hugh. you didn't tell me that.
- Oh. I didn't know.
- Wyatt. I am so sorry.
- Mm.
- What did you expect him
to do?
They were getting too serious.
- What. is that true?
Is that why
the two of you broke up?
- Maybe?
Or maybe it was the
nonstop trips to the Cape.
Or maybe it was
the five-star restaurants
that we had to go to
every other night.
Honestly. I just wanted
a nice. quiet weekend at home
once in a while
without all the fuss.
- And now you have it.
[chuckles]
- But what are you
gonna do for Christmas?
Why don't you come over
to the house?
- That's very. very sweet
of you to offer.
but I think I might be
going home this year.
- Your mother must be thrilled
to have you coming home.
- Honestly. I'm--I'm not
too excited about going home.
I'm still kind of on the fence.
- Wait. is everything okay?
- Um...I don't know.
My mom seems to be having
a hard time lately.
especially this year.
and well. it's been a while
since my father passed away.
so I really don't know
what's going on with her.
- Mm-hmm.
- Well...
I hope you take your laptop
with you.
Get some work done
while you're there.
- Don't you worry.
I'm gonna bring all my work
with me.
I just thought probably
the best time to do this
was around the holidays
while I can.
With your blessing.
of course. sir.
- Of course
you have his blessing.
- Truly. I wouldn't go
if I thought
there was any other choice.
- Beautiful horse ranch
in a snowy Colorado mountain?
Warm cider by the fire?
Ooh. yeah. that sounds awful.
- I know.
beautiful horse ranch.
or dried-up wishing well
these days.
We shall see.
And my mother would throw
every single penny
of her retirement into
that wishing well if I let her.
- Oh. well. be a good son
and go help her out then.
Come on. Mr. Clancy.
Come spin me around
the dance floor.
Au revoir!
[chuckles]
[champagne bottle pops]
- [sighs]
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Good morning.
- Morning.
- I've come bearing tea
and good news.
- Santa's getting us
a new sleigh.
- No. Wyatt's coming home
for Christmas.
- That's wonderful.
When does he get in?
- As far as I know.
he'll be here tomorrow.
- Wow. this is the
first Christmas he's been back
in. how long?
Like four or five years?
- That's right.
I went to see him
two Christmases ago.
but that's it.
You know. I was really
starting to wonder
if he was ever gonna come home.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
- Heath. have you even
met Wyatt yet?
- Nope. no. I've only been here
on the ranch. what?
Three years?
But I do know that you dated
Deb's successful son
back in high school.
didn't you?
- Yeah. yeah.
I dated Wyatt in high school
till junior year.
But it feels like
a lifetime ago.
- It sure does.
Boy. it's gonna be nice
to have him home.
- That is if we accept
his apology
upon return. huh. Dash?
- Wyatt knows Dash?
- He should.
It's his horse.
- [laughs]
Was his horse
before he took off
and left us all here
high and dry.
I mean. the last few times
Wyatt came back.
he wouldn't even
come see Dasher.
He basically stayed
at the hotel in town.
That's my tea.
- Wyatt can be
a bit of a loner.
- Not when we were growing up.
he wasn't.
- Well.
you two were inseparable.
- Don't you think
Sam might be jealous
with Wyatt being home and him
still out of the country?
- Somehow. I don't think so.
- [chuckles]
- He could help fix
the carriage sled. though.
He knows it well.
- Oh. no!
You couldn't fix it?
- No. it's holding on for now.
But we should be back
in business tomorrow.
If you want. I'll blast it
to the mailing list.
- Okay.
Thanks. hon.
- That's what
I'm here for. Deb.
Okay. Snow.
[horse neighs]
Let's get out there and see...
- Uh...
Heath doesn't know about Wyatt?
- Well.
what was I supposed to say?
"By the way. my son's gay too.
You're two of a kind"?
- No. but does Wyatt know
about Heath?
- Oh. gosh. Wyatt only calls
to make sure I'm exercising
and taking those stupid
supplements he sends me.
Honestly. I've never had a
chance to tell him about Heath.
- Well. at least he's still
looking out for you.
- I know.
It's so sweet.
My baby's taking care of me.
- Hmm.
- Here.
To stay warm.
All right. next stop.
Santa's workshop.
[kids cheer]
♪ ♪
The stables back there
are for the reindeer.
not the horses.
and this is Santa's workshop.
- ♪ Won't you take me home
for Christmas? ♪
♪ Show me around your town ♪
♪ Take me where
you used to watch ♪
♪ The snow come down ♪
♪ All of your traditions.
I wanna know them all ♪
♪ You'll check every box
off of my list ♪
♪ If you take me home
for Christmas ♪
- ♪ Take me home ♪
♪ Take me home ♪
- [grunts]
[exhales]
[birds chirping]
- Hey!
Oh!
- Oh. hey. Mom.
- Aww.
- Good to see you too.
- What has it been?
Two years?
- Oh.
We just FaceTimed
two months ago.
- It's not the same
as hugging your kid.
Maybe you'll have kids
of your own one day
and you'll understand.
So how are things in Manhattan?
- Good. good.
Everything's good.
- And things with Lindsey?
- We broke up.
- Oh. no.
You must've broken his heart.
From what you said.
he was crazy about you.
- Well. I'm sure he's crazy
about someone else by now.
Kid's got a lot
of growing up to do.
What about you?
Any irons in the fire?
- Oh. yes. just
a revolving door of men.
- [laughs] What about Carlos?
You still seeing him?
- Carlos?
No. what?
You know Carlos retired
three years ago?
- Okay. that's not exactly
what I asked. but...
- Oh. honey. it's just
so nice to have you home.
- Oh. sh--
- [laughs]
- All right.
- Uh-oh.
- Not much has changed
around here.
It still smells like
horse crap and pine cones.
Who's that over
by the carriage?
- Oh. that's Heath.
He's been working on the ranch
for a few years.
He and Blake
are thick as thieves.
- Oh. really?
Traitor.
- Well. everybody in town
just adores him.
And he's kept the place going.
- Going?
Going?
What's going around here?
Didn't seem like Hank
is very good at his job.
- Well. you know.
it's still early
and we haven't had a lot
of snowfall this December.
- Sure. yeah.
That's it.
- All right. so why did you
really come home?
Did you come home
for Christmas.
or did you come home
to check on me?
- Do you mind if we talk about
this after I have a shower
over some dinner?
I stink.
- All right.
Well. leave your fancy shoes
out here
and I'll hose them off.
And try to relax!
You're home.
- Okay. okay.
[melancholic music]
- Hey. what'd you bring me?
- Hey.
It's a cranberry kale salad.
- Mmm. looks like Christmas.
- [chuckles]
That's what I was going for.
Hey. did Wyatt make it in okay?
- I guess.
Uh. I was out on
the sleigh ride all afternoon.
and then I fed the horses.
showered.
so I haven't been up
to the ranch house yet.
- Wait. so you haven't
met him yet?
Ooh.
[chuckles]
It's gonna be good.
- No. don't tell me.
Is he one of those guys who
makes little homophobic jokes
without knowing
it makes them look homophobic?
Is he?
'Cause that's awkward.
- Um. no.
Not really.
- So you think we'll get along?
- I think I'm here for it
either way.
Come on.
- All right.
- Hi. Deb.
Brought a salad.
- Oh. thank you. Blake.
- And I brought wine.
- So sweet.
- Where's Wyatt?
- He's just grabbing
a quick shower.
- Washing off the stink
of the city?
[both laugh]
- Nope.
Just some good.
ol' horse manure.
- Ah. Sugar Cube!
- Snow Pea!
Oh. look at you.
- Hi. Thanks.
- Right. 'cause Nutmeg
loves snow peas
and Dasher loves sugar cubes.
Dasher used to be your horse.
- Used to be?
He still is.
- Does he know that?
- [forced laughter]
So tell me everything.
What's new?
What's going on?
How is Sam?
Is he still
with Doctors Without Borders?
- Mm-hmm. he is.
I'm fine. Sam's fine.
- And where is
ol' Dr. Berry anyhow?
- Oh. he's still
in South Africa.
- [groans]
- Yeah.
I was hoping he'd
make it back for Christmas.
but it's not looking so good.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
That's a bummer.
And you must be Hank.
- Heath.
- Heath. Heath.
I don't know why I wanna keep
calling you Hank.
I hope you don't mind
if I mess it up sometimes.
- If you do that.
can I call you Sugar Cube?
[laughter]
- I will work on
getting it right next time.
So Mom. can I help you
with anything?
Oh. you remembered my favorite.
spiced maple
walnut cheesecake--
- Ah. ah. ah. you can have
as much as you want to
after dinner.
- Great. I'll set the table.
- Oh. no. no.
You sit down.
I'll take care of it.
Do you want me
to open this bottle?
Oh. this is actually terrible.
You literally
cannot drink this.
- Yeah. I brought
the terrible wine.
- Oh.
No. I didn't. um...
[clears throat]
I'm sorry.
- It's okay.
This is thick sheepskin.
- [forced laughter]
- He got horse manure
on his fancy shoes
and I think he might be
a little bit cranky.
Let's have dinner.
The wine's good. son.
- Hmm. glad you like it.
Hugh had it sent special
just for you.
- Wow.
So how is that
promotion coming?
- I'm actually in the middle of
this really exciting proposal
for a western expansion.
I've got this angel investor
in Denver who's really into it.
- And what is it you do. Wyatt?
- Financial planning
and venture capital.
- He's a VP
of financial planning
who's well-known for
bringing in angel investors.
which is why it's hard for him
to get home.
- Yeah. this is the
first Christmas we've seen you
in. what. five years?
- Maybe I just wanted
to get you to miss me.
- Oh. is that gonna be your
excuse with Dasher tomorrow
when you say hello to him?
- Actually. I was thinking
about just walking right in
with a sugar cube
peace offering.
- Mm-hmm. well. I hope
it comes with an apology.
- [chuckles]
- I also noticed that
stunning mare outside today.
I didn't know you got yourself
a new draft. Mom.
It must've cost a pretty penny.
- Snowbelle's mine.
I brought her with me
when we moved onto the ranch.
- You live here too?
- Heath moved into
the stable house last year.
He fixed everything up.
He redid the plumbing.
he helps me out with Nutmeg
and down at the vet clinic.
- Wow. a regular
jack-of-all-trades.
- Yeah. venture capital's
up next.
Better watch out.
[laughter]
- Heath has been
a real blessing on the ranch
since Carlos retired.
- Well. we love
being here too.
especially Snow.
She and Dasher are
fairly inseparable.
They're very much in love.
you know?
- They're in love.
Did they tell you that?
- Well. it's true. Wyatt.
[chuckles]
Snowbelle freaked out
the other day
when we were
giving Dash his shot.
She's completely out of control
and overprotective.
It's something to see.
- And he follows her
everywhere she goes.
It's really the cutest thing.
It's like a true equine
romance on the ranch.
I mean.
Christmas carriage riders
just eat it up on the ranch.
- I'm just surprised
that Dasher isn't too old
to carry that sleigh anymore.
- Oh. he's just 15.
And you know Dash lives
for the ride.
- Yeah. I wouldn't worry
too much.
I mean. Dash is a work horse.
He's got. like. a good one
or two years left in him still.
- And a lot more than some
of our woodland critters do.
The gingerbreads
are on their last leg. Deb.
I mean. another storm
and they won't make it.
so we might...
- Oh. no.
Well. maybe we could think
about getting some new ones.
- Or we could think about just
retiring the carriage ride
altogether.
Hmm?
What?
- Wyatt.
Why would you say that?
- Uh...
This ranch is
prime real estate today.
Maybe it's time we think
about finally selling it.
- You think that we should
sell the family ranch?
The home that you grew up in?
- Oh. come on. Mom.
Don't say it like that.
You know that you can't
take care of this place
on our own anymore.
Why not move into the city?
Or town?
Get yourself a little house?
- Wyatt. this is
your mother's home.
- And she's not
taking care of it alone.
- Okay. thank you so much
for your input.
[stammers. clears throat]
I actually brought a few comps
for you to take a look at.
So this is the going rate
for an old ranch like this one.
And the way that this one
is bleeding itself dry.
we'd probably have
another year in it tops.
So...this might not be
the right time to do this.
but I just wanted you
to have it.
- So. um. this is why
you came home for Christmas?
To tell me to sell?
- Of course not.
No. no. that's not--
that's not the only reason.
I--Mom. I know how hard
it is on you.
- You don't know how hard
anything's been on me. son.
You haven't been here.
I. um...
[chuckles weakly]
Please forgive me.
I just...
I think I'm gonna
call it a night.
- Mom. I didn't--
I didn't--
- No. it's fine.
If you get cold. there's
some blankets in the chest
at the end of the bed.
Good night. kids.
- Well. at least you were right
about the wine I brought
not being good.
You really dated that guy
in school?
Ugh.
[owl hooting]
[melancholic music]
- [sighing]
- [yawns]
♪ ♪
Hmm.
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
[sighs]
[birds chirping]
♪ ♪
[horses braying]
[inhales. exhales]
[chuckles]
Hey. Dash.
You missed me?
[horse neighs]
What's he so mad about?
I didn't know horses
held grudges.
- Oh. so you can talk to horses
and you can tell
when they're angry.
but not when
they're madly in love.
- I wasn't--I didn't--
I don't actually believe
that he thinks about
that kind of stuff.
- Maybe some don't.
Maybe they just feel it.
- Humans are incapable
of loving one person
their entire life.
And a stallion. especially
during breeding season.
I assure you does not know
the meaning of the word.
- Wow. I think you just found
your perfect
Christmas card greeting.
- [forced laughter]
Why did you come here to work?
And I know
it's not for the money.
- Some of us just
like being here.
Not everyone needs more.
[horse neighs]
♪ ♪
- I looked over the proposal.
- Oh.
- And if you wanna sell. fine.
But if I do it.
I'm doing it for you. not me.
- Okay. Mom.
Look.
I'm sorry to just
spring it on you like this.
but property taxes
are coming up.
and of course.
I don't mind helping out.
It's just...
I'm not so sure
that you're still happy here.
I mean. what exactly
are we holding on for?
- What do you mean
I'm not happy?
- I saw your garden
on the way up.
You let it go.
- It's winter.
No one gardens.
- You used to mulch it
and cover it during the winter.
Now it's just a pile of snow.
And your potted hydrangeas
on the porch.
I'm pretty sure
they're dead too.
- They're not dead.
They're hibernating.
- Fine.
When was the last time that you
had friends over for dinner?
- [sighs]
Okay. fine.
I don't want you
paying the taxes anymore.
You work too hard.
and it's not fair.
and it--it seems like you don't
even like coming here anymore.
[sighs]
Maybe it is time
to let the place go.
- Hey. I need you to know
that I didn't just come here
to try to get you
to sell the ranch.
I came because I missed you.
And in some weird way.
I felt like you really
needed me here this year.
- [chuckles]
Well. yeah.
And you're right.
[sighs]
- Did Carlos ever do anything
with that lot next to us?
I thought he was gonna
put a house on it.
- I don't know what Carlos
is doing with that lot
other than letting ragweed
grow all over it.
- Okay. one this way.
Now go with your arms
like this.
Yeah. that's it.
Wait a minute.
- Hank's holiday cheer
strikes again.
- Hey. hey.
You should be nicer to him.
He really has been a savior
here since Carlos retired.
- Mm. well. he certainly
loves swooping in
and being everyone's savior.
- Oh. my goodness.
I have never known you
to be jealous.
But that sounds like jealousy.
- Pfft.
[tuts]
I'm not jealous.
The guy's a horse whisperer.
I seduce millionaires
for all they're worth.
- [scoffs]
- So. Deb.
I really hope you said no
to your son.
- Actually. not that
it's any of your business
as this is a family affair
that does not concern you.
but if you must know.
yes. she is considering it.
- I meant you can't consider
letting your son pay for cocoa.
Have as much as you want.
It's on the house.
Mmm. delicious.
Oh. oh.
You meant the ranch.
Yeah. you shouldn't
sell that either. Deb.
It wouldn't be good
for the horses or the ranch.
Or the business.
- Business?
Business.
What business?
Are you talking about that
tired. old holiday sleigh ride?
How many customers
have you had today?
Was it just the three of them?
And we both know
that kids get in for free.
so what is that. 20 bucks?
- Okay. so the carriage ride
isn't as much of a moneymaker
as it used to be.
So what?
Next year. we're gonna
make a killing on this ranch.
- And how do you propose
to do that?
Because holiday profits
are a bust.
- Well. Heath has an idea
that we could start
teaching riding lessons again.
- And use the free stalls
for horse boarding as well.
There are plenty of people
inside the county line
who would want to board here.
- This place was and always
will be a money pit.
so even if you come up
with some clever.
creative magical way to bring
gross revenues up by 50%.
we will still be
50 in the hole.
So please tell me. where does
that money come from?
[scoffs]
You let me know.
- [sighs]
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
[exhales]
- ♪ O Christmas tree.
o Christmas tree ♪
- That guy's
completely impossible.
He called the ranch
a money pit.
What kind of guy drops a bomb
like that on his mom
at Christmas?
- Okay. uh...
[chuckles]
I didn't mention it before
because it's not my business.
but...
Wyatt is paying
to keep the ranch going.
- [scoffs]
What?
- Yeah.
Wyatt took over
paying the mortgage
and the property taxes
on the ranch
over three years ago now.
- I'm sorry. are you telling me
that Wyatt is the one
keeping us afloat?
- Uh-huh.
He's paying your salary
every month. my vet visits.
not to mention Deb's
ever-growing pile of bills.
- I just...
[scoffs]
I can't believe
I didn't realize it.
I mean. yeah.
it makes sense now.
Of course.
- Hey.
Wyatt didn't want Deb
to throw away
her entire retirement
on the ranch.
so he took over the payments.
He does care.
Even if he is a Scrooge.
- Well. fine.
But it doesn't change the fact
that he's trying to destroy
the one thing his family
worked so hard to build.
Doesn't he know how much
it's gonna crush his mother?
- Yeah. I think
he just believes
he's doing what's best for her.
you know?
- Yeah. yeah. 'cause he thinks
he knows everything.
Everything.
- [chuckles]
- He can't just roll into town
'cause he's this rich city kid
now and start
calling the shots.
I'm not gonna let him.
- What are you
gonna do about it?
- I'll prove him wrong.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah.
[gasps]
Oh. look.
Aren't these just lovely?
- [sighs]
- Look.
- Yeah.
- [sighs]
[kettle whistling]
- Stables don't have
their own stove?
- [groans]
- Oh. sorry.
[stammers. sighs]
I didn't mean
to actually scare you.
Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I'll just go back to
the stable house where I belong
and put this under
some ice water.
- I said I'm sorry.
Can I take a look?
- I brought your mom
an arrangement from town.
And I was gonna sit out
by the tree with some tea
because I don't have a tree
at the stable house.
- It's gotta be
cool or lukewarm.
It can't be ice water.
Will you follow me
to the sink. please?
[chuckles]
- What. you have
a medical degree as well?
- Just put it under there
for a minute.
And no. I don't.
but I did pick up a few things
from Blake's dad
back in the day.
He's a doctor. you know?
- Of course.
Everyone in town goes to him.
He's great.
I'm not sure why he'd let
his daughter date someone
as difficult as you.
- You really think I'm awful.
don't you?
- I think you're in dire need
of some Christmas spirit.
That's for sure.
- Hmm.
[chuckles]
You're not wrong.
I guess--
I guess I am a hard sell
when it comes to Christmas.
They just play that
terrible music for so long.
And after a while. the lights
becoming blinding and--
and in the end.
all the holiday's
really managed to do
is remind you of everything
you wish you had. but don't.
- Wow. yeah.
what's your big holiday wish?
A house in Cape Cod?
Your very own jet plane?
- [laughs]
Now you sound a lot more
like my ex. Lindsey. than me.
- "Lindsey."
Wow. what a lucky woman.
- Luck--man.
A lucky man.
Lindsey's a man
with facial hair like you.
- [scoffs]
You're gay?
- You sound so surprised.
- But you dated Blake
all through school.
- Yeah. I was confused
in high school.
I--I didn't know who I was.
I knew that I loved Blake.
but I think I also knew
that deep down.
the relationship
had a shelf life.
- So when did you
finally come out?
- Around the same time
that I broke up with Blake.
I was moving to New York.
I just graduated.
It wasn't easy growing up here.
Colorado clearly
has its...charms.
But it also has
its difficulties.
especially when it comes
to small towns and locals.
- Oh. yeah.
Don't I know it.
- You out around here too?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to just assume
that you were gay.
It's just--well.
my mom told me and. um...
[both laugh]
Well. your eyes don't lie.
- What?
I didn't check you out
or anything.
- I didn't say you did.
I'm just saying that. uh.
when you know. you know.
- Yeah. well. I guess
I should've known about you too
because if you're not
that into Blake--
- "Well.
then you must love men."
[laughs]
- Yeah.
- That should be good.
Here.
Why don't you wrap it in this?
[gentle music]
- Yeah. it's--thank you.
- Good to go.
How about that tea?
- Okay.
Thank you for this.
- Well. thank you
for taking care of my mom
and this whole place.
She seems to really
appreciate you.
- Yeah. well. I really
appreciate your mom.
And I love this place.
Never really feels like work.
- Why is that?
The ranch?
Why do you love it so much?
- [stammers]
When I was 12 years old.
my dad took off with some woman
he'd met at a work conference.
I didn't really understand
what that meant at the time.
but I do remember
it was summer.
and the vacations
we used to take as a family
suddenly stopped.
And my mom.
well. she cried a lot.
I remember her crying
from her room at night.
even after she thought
I'd fallen asleep.
After a few months.
it wasn't every night anymore.
but every other day.
it would happen again.
And I knew she wasn't
any better.
And then. Christmastime came.
and I thought
it would be so hard.
but one night.
she bundled me up in a snowsuit
and brought us here.
I had no idea
where we were going.
but when we showed up
to the carriage ride...
[exhales]
It was like
a whole new world.
The lights and the horses.
people everywhere.
Happy people.
- Yeah.
I remember when this place was
something special to the town.
To all the neighboring counties
as well.
It was...
[sighs]
It was my father's
pride and joy.
So your mom
loved the place too. huh?
- She did.
We were so happy that night.
Yeah. we curled up
under the blankets and--
and we were just taken away.
[sighs]
You know what?
That Christmas.
she started getting
better and better.
I think this place gave her
a little hope again.
I. of course.
loved this place too.
so we came back
every year after.
- What does she think about you
running the place now?
- She's gone.
Almost three years now.
- I'm sorry.
- Thank you.
[sighs]
Anyway...
I think I should get back
to my place.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Good night.
- Night.
[melancholic music]
♪ ♪
- Hey. Dash.
Good boy.
I'm sorry I've been away
for so long.
♪ ♪
But you know what?
It's Christmastime.
and I think I deserve
a second chance.
Yeah. I knew
that would get you.
[Dash whinnies]
[chuckles]
I missed you too.
[laughs]
[clicks tongue]
- Oh. if it isn't
ol' Dasher
and Mr. Sugar Cube
coming out to play.
- You call me Sugar Cube.
I'ma call you Apple Sauce.
Mom told me about her thing
for apples.
- That's Apple Slice to you.
- Sure. whatever you say.
You heading up the trail.
Apple Sauce?
- Well. I gotta check
if everything survived
in the storm last night.
- You mind if we tag along?
- Hope you can keep up.
- Did you hear that?
[mellow music]
♪ ♪
So right up there--
- Uh-huh.
- That's where I used
to hang out when I was a kid.
- Oh. really?
- Uh-huh.
And I would get
all my friends together
and we would go camping
and fishing all weekend long.
- Mm.
Look. I had no idea you were
the one keeping this place up.
- Well. I would've kept it up
if I thought my mom
could keep this place going.
- I understand you do
what you have to do.
It's just...
it's hard to imagine
this will all be gone someday.
- Well. nothing lasts forever.
right?
- Some things do.
Life. death.
The seasons changing.
Snowbelle being faster
than Dash.
- Huh?
- That's forever. Let's go.
- Come on.
- Come on. come on.
[sentimental music]
♪ ♪
[door opens]
- Hello?
- Ooh!
Well. if it isn't Harmony
Springs' homecoming queen
coming back to pass down
the crown again.
- Thank you.
[both laugh]
What are you working on?
- Oh.
I'm just putting together
some stuff
for this prospective realtor
I spoke to this morning.
She says that we can
have the ranch sold
just after the new year.
[sighs]
- Well. you're gonna have
to stop that now
'cause we're going
to the Stampede tonight.
and you are coming with us.
- Uh-uh.
- Yup. yes.
You are.
Come on. Deb.
You and I. we never get out.
Wyatt is finally home
for Christmas
and the old gang
is gonna come join us.
It'll be good for you.
For all of us.
- Uh...
- Mm-hmm.
- [laughs]
- Yeah? Yeah--oh!
- Well. I'm changing
my clothes.
- [gasps]
We're going dancing.
- Absolutely not.
I'm gonna go take a shower.
- Uh. and put on
your dancing shoes.
Come on. Wy.
Deb's coming.
You have to.
- Uh. the only thing
I have to do is go to sleep.
Do you have any idea
how sore my legs are
from riding all day?
What--no.
Answer is no.
I am not going.
End of story.
Why are you still
looking at me like that?
- If I'm going. you're going.
- We're really doing this?
- Yup.
- Okay.
[country music]
♪ ♪
- [gasps. screams]
- Ah. as I live and breathe!
Our star cheerleader.
Wow. look at you.
You haven't aged a bit.
- And I still got the moves.
Do you?
- No. I don't dance anymore.
But that is what
this handsome hubby is for.
Congratulations.
- Aw!
The old gang back together!
- It took only. what?
Like 100 years.
- She never was
very good at math.
- Excuse me.
I meant in dog years. duh.
'Cause you're in the doghouse
for taking too long
to come home.
- All right. fine. well.
how about I buy
the first round of shots
to make it up to you?
- It's gonna take three
to make it up to me.
- [laughs]
all: Cheers.
- Mmm. mmm.
- Mmm.
[coughs]
- Whoo.
- Wait. you should've seen
Wyatt back in high school.
He was Mr. Big Shot.
- And Blake was Mrs. Big Shot.
- Oh. and I was just
Ms. Perfect Girl in School.
No big deal.
- Oh. yeah.
Lil' Ms. Perfect over here.
who as I recall.
got suspended for organizing
our senior skip day.
- Um. excuse me?
Just because you had
perfect attendance
and got straight A's does not
make you some Mr. Perfect.
- That's not the half of it.
Wyatt was wild
back in high school.
- So is that why you guys
were so damn crazy about me?
- [sighs. snorts]
- But you weren't out
at all then. right?
- Oh. he came out in the middle
of his graduation speech
to the class.
Shocked the town with that one.
- Yeah.
Only that was his coming out
to me too.
I mean. we'd been broken up
for a while. but...
[sighs] Then he just sprung it
on me with everybody else.
That's Wyatt for you.
Always knows how to take you
for a real spin.
- All right. all right.
I'm sorry.
I was a bit of a mess.
I was a little confused
back then.
But just for the record.
I was not that wild.
I was a very. very good boy.
Mostly.
- It's true.
He can be a sweetie
when he wants to be.
Wait. do you remember
when Danny broke up with me
right before homecoming.
and Wyatt took us both
to the dance together?
He took turns dancing
with each of us.
But that was before
Ryan and I were together.
Mm-hmm. we were
just friends then.
- Also for the record.
I have never danced with a boy
the way that I danced
with you two that night.
- Hmm.
- Have you even
danced with a boy at all.
Mr. Boot Scootin' Boogie?
- No. no.
these two ladies ruined me.
I haven't been
to a dance since.
- Aw.
- Oh. that's too bad.
I say. let's dance.
- Whoo. yes!
- I'm gonna sit this one out.
but who wants to play
a little holiday horseshoe?
- You're on.
- Wait up. lover boy.
[excited chatter]
- Whoo!
- [laughs]
- Okay.
Here we go.
[overlapping chatter]
[rock music]
- Yes!
- How do you know
which way to turn?
[indistinct chatter]
- Oh. oh!
Ha!
[ball clanks]
both: [cheers]
- Hi. can I get two
sauvignon blancs. please?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
- I'll have one too.
- [gasps] Yes.
[laughter]
- So when's Sam coming home?
- He's saying not until
after the new year.
- Aw. honey. I'm sorry. but
it'll be before you know it.
- Deb. Blake.
nice to see you both.
Now put those on my tab.
- Ah. thanks. Carlos.
- Carlos. thank you.
Merry Christmas.
- Well. thank you. Blake.
- Actually. I'm gonna run
to the ladies' room.
but I'll catch up with you
in a few.
- Well. so how are George.
and Gina. and the grandkids?
- Well. Gina's still working
on her PhD online
and staying home with the kids
and George is supervising
at the lumberyard.
but only a couple days
a week now.
- Please tell them
I said hello.
- I sure will.
And Wyatt?
- Oh. actually Wyatt's here!
He came home for the holidays.
He's right over there.
[chuckles]
- Well. I'll be.
[laughs]
- Yeah.
- Finally. little fox.
That's great news.
- [sighs] Yeah.
- How about you?
How's Ms. Deb?
- Oh. I'm just
an old spinster now.
You know. I've taken up
knitting and crocheting.
- A little tapestry work?
- Yeah.
I. uh...I'm thinking
about selling the ranch.
- What?
Deb. no.
- Yeah. Wyatt thinks
it's probably too much
for me to keep up. and I'm
starting to think he's right.
- What about the horses?
- Well. Dasher would have
to go to some stable somewhere
and the rest will just
have to go elsewhere.
- Is that what you really want?
- I don't know what I want.
All I know is I don't wanna
be a burden to my son.
[sighs]
- What do you say
to a retired ranch hand
taking this old spinster
for a little holiday spin?
- [laughs]
Let's do it.
- Do you see Deb with Carlos?
- Mm-hmm.
- [chuckles]
Wyatt. why don't you
take Heath for a spin?
- At Stampede?
Are you crazy?
No offense. but no.
- Why not?
[groans]
Screw what anyone else thinks.
If someone has a problem
with it. they'll answer to me.
Plus. you know
you love to dance.
- Sure. yeah. but not
a slow dance with another dude
at a straight country barn.
- Well. then.
you can dance with me.
Right now.
- Mm.
- Right now.
- Mm-mm-mm.
- Come on.
[music playing]
♪ ♪
Aw.
- All right.
- You should've asked him
to dance.
- He doesn't wanna dance.
- [sighs]
You're not really
that clueless. are you?
- He doesn't even like me.
- Wrong.
He doesn't like that
you're trying to get Deb
to sell the ranch.
You. he definitely likes.
He just--
he doesn't know it yet.
The real question is.
you like him too?
Your poker face
is better than his.
- [laughs]
He's obviously cute.
- Mm-hmm.
- Just a bit standoffish.
- That's a defense mechanism.
Heath.
he's never had a boyfriend.
not that there are a lot
of options in this town.
and certainly no one
in his league.
- I'm not so convinced that he
wants those walls broken down.
- Maybe he's just
protecting his heart.
making sure you're worth it.
He's not cold-hearted like you.
- Oh. so I'm cold-hearted now.
- Mmm. yeah. you--
- [laughs]
- Maybe.
- You're not still mad about
what happened in high school.
are you?
- I was mad you didn't
tell me. Wy.
I mean. it didn't matter
that we were together.
You're my best friend.
And at some point.
I was pretty sure
I knew something was up.
and thought I knew
what that something was.
but I wasn't mad at you
for that.
I was mad because I wanted
to hear it from you.
not in front of a crowd.
- I get it.
I'm sorry.
I know I can be a--
- Jerk sometimes?
- Mm-hmm.
- Forgive me?
- I forgave you
a long time ago.
Just don't make that mistake
again. okay?
Next time you meet
someone special.
be honest with them.
And yourself.
- Okay.
- [chuckles]
[applause]
[all cheering]
- I'ma get a drink.
- Oh. my God.
Wyatt.
- What?
- Yeah!
[laughs]
Ha!
Yeah!
Whoo.
[laughs]
- There it is.
- Look ahead.
Don't let it leave you.
[onlookers whooping]
Come on. there you go.
- Come on. please.
- All right.
- It'll be fun.
- All right. all right.
- Come on!
♪ ♪
- Whoo-hoo!
[laughs]
- It looks like someone's
done this once or twice before.
Finally remembering your roots.
Sugar Cube? [laughs]
- Maybe they were
just hibernating
under the snow for a while.
[birds chirping]
- [sighs]
[bell jangles]
- Whoa!
- Hey.
- Yeah. the hot water is out
at the stable house.
- Cool--that's good.
Um. sorry. I didn't mean to...
I just--take your time.
I'll come back.
[stammers]
I'll use the one down the hall.
- ...A moment.
- It's--sorry.
It's this way.
You're using the wrong glue.
Try this.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
You know. my parents
built this entire place
from the ground up.
It was just a big.
beautiful. naked 100 acres
before they showed up.
- Back in '86.
With the money your dad
inherited from his father
when he died in Vietnam.
- Wow. somebody knows
their Burwall family history.
- Yeah. I feel like
Wayne was the father
I always wished I'd had.
You know. I remember him
from the rides.
He used to always
tell you the difference
between a ponderosa
and a lodgepole pine.
And he had this very loud.
infectious laugh. didn't he?
- [laughs]
Yes. it was a cackle.
My mom used to say that
it could fill an entire room
with happy.
I used to help him man the ride
when I was a kid.
- You know what?
I think I remember you from it.
Did you used to wear. like.
a--a tan lambskin jacket?
- Yeah.
Yeah. that was me.
And a very attractive
chili bowl haircut too.
- [chuckles]
Yeah.
I was a little older than you.
but I remember you at the front
on the carriage. both of you.
You were good with horses too.
- Not as good as you.
- Oh. I had no idea
about horses back then.
But I could tell you did.
And. you know what?
I--I remember
when you both stopped
manning the rides altogether.
It was...it was weird.
I'm sorry your father passed.
- Yeah. well. things change.
don't they?
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- That wood cross.
um. with the old cowboy hat
by the fence line.
your dad?
- It was his thinking spot.
I put it up there
when he passed.
It's got some of his ashes too.
- It could use some tidying up.
If you wanted to pay a visit.
I could help you.
- Thanks.
[inhales]
So what about you?
What were you like
when you were a kid?
Before your dad took off?
- Oh.
We moved around a lot
when I was a kid.
- Uh-huh.
- Yeah.
Mom and dad moved us here
from Colombia
when I was 10.
two years before he left.
And...we were never close
to my mom's family.
In fact. I don't think
she liked them very much.
She never really spoke
about them when we moved.
- Well. it sounds like
the two of you
did a pretty good job
on your own.
- Yeah. we did.
[chuckles]
We found a home here
in Harmony Springs.
so I guess life. in the end.
took us where we belonged.
- And what about boyfriends?
You ever have any of those?
- Yeah. I've never been
a heartbreaker like you.
- Uh. excuse me?
And what's that
supposed to mean?
- Well. when I found out
you were gay.
I asked Blake about your ex.
and she ended up
telling me about Max.
and Steve. John--
- Okay.
[chuckles]
- Pretty much everyone
after Blake.
- I asked if you ever had one.
- Yes. there was someone
back in college.
Cameron.
But he wasn't really
my boyfriend.
so I don't--I don't think so.
- Why not?
- I thought it was something.
but turns out.
it was something different
for him.
I had this big holiday day
to plan for us
over Christmas break.
I got bison chili.
and cheap champagne.
and blankets.
and I put up a projector
outside of the dorm
to watch old Christmas movies.
- Oh. that's so sweet.
Did you have
"A Christmas Story"?
- Oh. yeah.
and "It's a Wonderful Life."
My favorite.
Anyway. some of his buddies
saw me trying to surprise him
and they started
calling us names.
He freaked out.
He pretended like
he didn't know me
to save himself
from being outed.
- That's awful.
What an ass.
- Yeah. but it's on me too.
I knew he wasn't out.
[scoffs]
I thought doing
something special for him
would make him change his mind
or see things differently.
I was stupid.
[sighs]
I really thought I loved him.
you know?
[inhales]
That doesn't sound much
like love. does it?
- No.
No. that definitely doesn't.
- I got kicked in the gut.
so it's made it hard for me
to talk to guys.
- Well. you're talking to me
just fine.
Anyhow. screw Cameron.
You deserve a lot better
than that.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
All right.
Hmm. they still look broken.
- [scoffs]
Broken. but happy
to have each other.
- [chuckles]
chorus: ♪ All is calm ♪
♪ All is bright ♪
♪ 'Round yon virgin ♪
♪ Mother and child ♪
♪ Holy infant ♪
♪ So tender and mild ♪
♪ Sleep in ♪
♪ Heavenly peace ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Silent night ♪
[acoustic version
of "Silent Night"]
♪ ♪
- Evening.
- Oh. Carlos.
- It was nice dancing
with you the other night.
- Yeah. that was really lovely.
No. it was nice to catch up.
Old times with old friends.
- Well. I'd like
to do it again.
Maybe take you out to dinner
sometime soon?
- Oh. um. it's probably
not a good time.
- Because you're selling
the ranch?
Deb. I tried calling you
a bunch of times.
You're always busy.
You can't always have
some excuse. Deb.
I know we both feel
the same way.
so why'd you stop
taking my calls?
I retired hoping that
we could. I don't know.
find something special for us.
- It's just hard.
- Look.
I loved Wayne too.
so of course I felt guilty
when I started having feelings
for you after he passed.
but it was years later.
I only ever wanted
to help you through it--
- And you did help me.
And I...
I realize it was 15 years ago
since he died.
but it feels like yesterday.
I don't know.
I just...
puts me in a dark place.
- Of course.
I get it.
It happened to my Clara too.
you know?
But we can't suffer alone
forever either.
I mean. Wayne would've
wanted you to be happy again.
- Oh.
- So great to see you.
Such a lovely call the
other day about the ranch too.
You know. I am just so excited
about the idea
of being your realtor.
- Oh. well. thank you. Suzanne.
- I do wanna talk about
the asking price. though.
as it's a bit steep.
Maybe we could throw a horse
into the offer
to sweeten the deal.
- Oh. uh--
- Actually.
I'm so sorry to interrupt.
but I think we might
already have our buyer.
Yeah. uh. my boss.
He's got this whole
race track idea
and a angel investor
who's willing to pay double
what it's worth.
So thank you so much.
- Wow.
Really. Wyatt?
- Merry Christmas.
- Hey.
- Hey. Ma.
Need a hand?
- Oh. that's sweet.
But I'm fine.
- Now who wants to go on
a winter wonderland adventure?
- I do.
- Yay!
- So. uh.
you and Heath. huh?
- What about me and Heath?
- Oh. please.
A mother always knows.
- Okay.
Well. what about
you and Carlos?
I saw the two of you talking
the other night.
and then dancing
all slow and dreamy-like.
- It was just one dance.
and. you know. I got
to ask him about his lot.
and that's all.
- Uh-huh. keep your secrets.
I'll be inside working
if you need me.
I'm still trying to get
this promotion over here.
Gotta finish the proposal
and get this place sold.
- [sighs]
Does it have to be
a race track?
- Unless you can come up
with a better idea.
find me a richer investor.
- [sighs]
Oh.
[mellow music]
♪ ♪
- Looks like someone had fun
dancing with Carlos
the other night.
- [chuckles]
You sound like Wyatt.
It was fine.
- I'm just saying I haven't
seen you smile like that
in such a long time.
- Well. I'm happy
because Wyatt's home.
I did tell Carlos that
we were selling the ranch
and he seemed really sad.
- You know. we could still save
this ranch if you wanted to.
We just need
a little bit of faith.
And one big idea.
- Do you have any better ideas
than some big.
fancy moneymaking race track?
- Well. I could keep
going to church
and standing up
screaming on chairs
to help keep
bringing in the locals.
- [laughs]
Wyatt's probably right.
He always is.
He's like his father that way.
Me. I hold onto things
too long.
Get too close to them.
- And what's wrong with that?
- Well. apparently that's
how you end up old and alone.
- [scoffs] I'm not so convinced
that Wyatt's dealt with
Wayne's passing
in such a healthy way either.
I think he brushes things
under the rug sometimes
because it's easier
than dealing with the pain.
And he's doing the same
with the ranch now.
- He gets that from me.
But regardless. he's right.
The ranch won't survive
like this.
- Like I said.
one good idea.
- You mean like the date
you planned for my son
down by the stables tonight?
I snuck down there.
I saw what you were up to
all day.
- Well. he covered and saved
your dying hydrangeas
from a cold and bitter winter.
He can't be a total loss.
- [laughs]
No. he's not.
- Do you mind?
Me taking out your son?
- Oh. honey.
there is no one I would rather.
- Hey.
Dinner's almost ready.
You hungry?
- I'll just be a few minutes.
This stupid graphics program
is throwing me for a loop.
- Graphic design?
- Mm-hmm.
- That was my major.
- Oh.
What is it?
- [stammers]
It's the proposal
for the race track
to help sell to my boss' buyer.
- Oh.
And you want my help on this?
- I didn't ask for it.
- Fine. but I'm only doing it
because it's you
and because it seems like
we have no other choice.
Let's see.
What is this?
[gentle music]
Well. maybe your angel investor
would want
a full-time winter wonderland
for every season?
- Maybe.
- [sighs]
No horse riding camp?
I mean. this plan
is not very good.
You talk to Blake about
where we can place Nutmeg
once we've sold?
- I haven't even thought about
where I'm gonna put Dasher.
- I feel like he and Snow
should stay together
if we can figure it out.
Unless we can figure out a way
to save this place. you and me.
- Mm. and how do you propose
to do that?
- Well. he says
we just need one good idea.
- Or maybe a few in this case.
Oh. I meant to ask you.
where'd you find Snowbelle?
Draft white mares are hard
to come by.
- I started taking riding
lessons in this little place
outside of Denver
when I was about 12.
It just became a thing
I love to do.
even more than hanging out
with my own friends.
- I remember the feeling.
Drink up.
Y'all.
- [chuckles]
[bird hoots]
- What's the rush?
Why are we out so late?
It's freezing.
- It's a surprise.
- Ah.
Hold up.
When did you...
♪ ♪
This is incredible.
- Blake said you never
got to dance with a boy.
and you never asked me
to dance. so...
- [chuckles]
- I'm asking you.
- [stammers. sighs]
[Kacey Musgraves'
"Oh. What a World" playing]
- ♪ Northern lights ♪
♪ In our skies ♪
♪ Plants that grow and ♪
♪ Open your mind ♪
- [laughs]
- Come on. come on.
- I'm gonna go get some punch.
- Come on.
- You start.
- ♪ How we all got here ♪
♪ Nobody knows ♪
♪ These are real things ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh. what a world ♪
♪ Don't wanna leave ♪
♪ All kinds of magic
all around us ♪
♪ It's hard to believe ♪
♪ Thank God it's not ♪
♪ Too good to be true ♪
♪ Oh. what a world ♪
[both chuckle]
♪ And then there is you ♪
♪ ♪
- Your heart's beating
really fast.
♪ ♪
- That's on you.
[whimsical music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ Christmas eve ♪
- Merry Christmas.
Thank you.
- [chuckles]
You're welcome.
♪ ♪
- So what is it that you love
so much about Christmas?
- If we treated
every day of the year
with the kind of love.
and goodness. magic--
the kind you only see
at Christmastime.
where would the world be?
- I like that.
Where to next?
- Anywhere you wanna go.
I'm in.
♪ ♪
[owl hooting]
- This is bringing back
so many memories.
I remember when Dad got
that Santa back there.
[laughs]
He was so proud.
- May I ask. um. is that why
you stopped doing the rides?
Your father?
- Yeah.
Yeah. after he passed.
it just hurt too much.
It was always something
we did together.
But in spite of it all.
I'm still really
gonna miss this place.
- Hey. this place had
a really good run. didn't it?
And you guys did make
something special here.
- Yeah.
Yeah. we sure did.
I'd almost forgotten.
[sighs]
I thought I was choosing
greener pastures
when I left Harmony Springs.
Now. I'm not so sure.
- It's not always about
finding a greener pasture.
Sometimes you just have
to find a way
to farm the pastures
you already have.
- How are you feeling
about all this?
- I'm worried about Snowbelle
and what's next.
♪ ♪
- [sighs]
Maybe you won't have to.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- So. um. what was this for?
- It's for Heath.
and he's gonna love it.
- I have never seen you
do anything like this
for a guy before.
- You're not in New York.
You don't have a spy cam.
You don't know what I do
for my dates and my boyfriends.
- Well. have you done anything
like this?
- [sighs]
- I'm just saying.
I think it's wonderful.
and what he did for you
last night was so special.
- All right. don't go
all maudlin on me. Mother.
- So what are you gonna do
after the holidays
when you have to go?
- I don't know.
I haven't given it
much thought.
- Wy. can I ask you something?
- Mm-hmm.
- Why did it take you so long
to come home?
I mean. I'm not angry.
or hurt. or anything.
It's just...
it was really hard
not having you here
for so long.
And I just wondered
if I had done anything.
or if it's because I'm sad--
- No. no. no. please don't ever
think like that. Mom.
It wasn't you.
I'm so sorry that it took me
so long to come home.
It just always felt...
heavier than the alternative.
you know?
Being back.
I--I just see Dad
wherever I look.
I just really still miss him.
you know?
- Yeah.
I get that. sweetheart.
He was one of a kind.
I don't think we ever
get over the loss
of someone that we love.
I just think we have
to learn to...
lean a little harder on
the ones that are still here.
- Yeah. you're right.
- [sighs]
I love you.
- I love you too. Mom.
- [chuckles]
- And hey. I will never
do that to you again. okay?
I promise.
- Okay.
[chuckles]
[animals chirping]
- Hey. Blake. do you wanna
grab something to eat?
- Yeah. sure.
[indistinct chatter]
- Ooh. yeah. I do. yeah.
- Well. it's not exactly the
cheap champagne that you like.
but we do have a copy
of "It's a Wonderful Life."
- Whoo!
[laughs]
- Cheers.
Cheers. cheers. cheers.
- Aw.
- Mmm.
Hmm. not bad.
- This bison chili
is just amazing. Deb.
I'm telling you really...
- Oh. thank you.
But I didn't make it.
Wyatt did.
It's his father's recipe.
- What?
- See. I can do some
Christmas magic of my own.
- So. um.
what is everybody's
Christmas wish?
Blake. you go.
- Me?
Okay. well.
good news on Sam's sabbatical
from Doctors Without Borders
would be really nice.
- Mm-hmm.
- You know. this was the year
we were supposed
to start trying for a baby.
and it's already
the end of the year.
and I don't know when
he's gonna be home next. so...
- Well. we are just
gonna have to remind Santa
to make a quick pit stop
at the medical center
down on the Capes.
- Thanks.
You go. Deb.
- Well. I already got
my Christmas wish.
Wyatt's home.
- Aw.
[laughter]
- And you. Wyatt?
- Oh. well. that's tough.
It's a tossup between
world peace and a new car.
- Boo.
- Kidding.
I'm kidding.
I'm half-kidding.
I actually really do want
the new Mercedes GT.
but it's a hybrid.
so y'all can just relax.
What about you. Mr. Judgmental?
- Me?
Uh...
I wish we didn't have
to leave the ranch.
Snowbelle's home.
- Hmm.
- Well. what if you were to...
board her at a cute little
ranch in Upstate New York?
You know.
give the East Coast a try?
You're so good with
your Photoshop and graphics.
I'm sure I can get you a job
in our marketing department.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. I mean. why not?
I mean. it might
be entry level. but--
- No. I mean...
you can't be serious.
You think I wanna
abandon my horse
and just come and live
in New York with you?
Just leave everything
I built here
in the off chance
that you might.
or might not. dump me
like all the other guys?
- I was offering
a possibility.
- Look.
you know how much
I hate moving around.
I already told you that.
- Mm-hmm.
- And I know that you're used
to focusing on yourself
before your commitments
to your family.
your ranch. your mom.
your friends. your horse.
but that's just not me.
and that's just not an option.
- I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
I guess I'm not perfectly clear
on what your intentions are
to do here because
this place isn't gonna be
around much longer.
and that includes your home.
and the stable
where your horse lives. so--
- Yeah. that's thanks to you
because you cannot think
of anyone but yourself.
- Okay. guys. can you just--
- No. no. it's fine.
It's fine. he's fine.
Keep going. Heath.
You're on a roll making me out
to be the bad guy.
You know what?
You're right.
And I'm used to it.
- That's not true. Wyatt.
- No. it is.
He's right.
And the truth is. I do care
more about my promotion
to senior VP than this ranch.
and that is because
I have worked
for everything that I have
and I will not apologize
for it.
And I happen to think
it's a whole lot better
than just sitting around here
in hibernation
like the rest of you
just pretending to be happy
when none of you actually are.
- All right. that's not fair.
We're doing just fine.
- Okay. you're not just
waiting around all day
for Sam to come home?
And Mom. you can't even admit
that you're in love with Carlos
no matter how hard
he tries to be with you.
And yeah.
Sure. whatever.
I date around a lot.
but look at you. Heath.
You're not even awake enough
to put yourself out there
to take a chance on someone.
You'd rather just hide out here
with the horses
where it's safe.
It's sad.
- [scoffs]
Wow.
Yeah. well.
you are right about one thing.
I was ready
to take a chance.
That was a mistake.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
- [sniffling]
I'm sorry. Mom.
That was out of line.
- Yeah.
[sighs]
Sweetheart.
I know you didn't mean it
and I know that all of this
has been a lot of stress
on you too.
- I'm sorry. Blake.
- Don't apologize to me. Wy.
Go to him.
- [stammers. sighs]
No.
I--I have to go.
I--
- Wyatt.
- I can't be here anymore.
- [groans]
Oh. God.
Well. that did not go
as planned.
- [sighs]
- Hey.
Wyatt. it's almost Christmas.
I know you're hurt.
but can't you stay
until after the holiday?
- Yeah. I gotta get back
and get this whole proposal
wrapped up
before the new year. so--
- What about Heath?
If you go.
it's gonna break his heart.
- Isn't that exactly
what he set me up to do?
To disappoint him?
Anyway. he doesn't wanna
leave his home
and I gotta stop pretending
that this is still mine.
so it's done.
- Hey.
I'm gonna miss you. Sugar Cube.
- Yeah.
You too. Snow Pea.
["Winter Song" playing]
♪ ♪
- ♪ This is my winter song
to you ♪
♪ The storm is coming soon ♪
♪ ♪
- [sighing]
- ♪ My voice.
a beacon in the night ♪
♪ My words will be
your light ♪
♪ To carry you to me ♪
♪ Is love alive? ♪
- ♪ Is love alive?
both: Is love alive? ♪
♪ ♪
[birds chirping]
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ They say that things
just cannot grow ♪
♪ Beneath the winter snow ♪
♪ Or so I have been told ♪
♪ ♪
♪ They say we're buried far ♪
♪ Just like a distant star ♪
♪ I simply cannot hold ♪
both: ♪ Is love alive? ♪
♪ Is love alive?
Is love alive? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Is love alive? ♪
♪ Is love alive?
Is love alive? ♪
- Yeah. me too.
I'm sorry. ol' boy.
[sighs]
I'll be back soon. okay?
This time. I promise.
[sighs]
Well. I finally
got up the courage
to visit Dad's thinking spot.
- Aw.
- Quick hello and goodbye.
It was nice.
- I'm so glad. Wyatt.
I. um--
we wish you wouldn't leave.
- Yeah. well.
I really gotta get back
and meet with the investors
about this place.
but I promise I will be back
after the new year
to help you
with the transition. okay?
- You can't always leave
because it's lighter
than the alternative. Wyatt.
[sighs]
- What would Carlos say
about that. Ma?
- You're right. and
you deal with life like me.
Look how many years
I've wasted.
How many years
are you gonna waste?
Your dad was
the complete opposite.
No matter what life threw
at him. he always chose love.
and that's what I loved
about him so much.
That's why. you know.
it's hard to let go.
I feel like
I'm giving up on him.
- I'm not like Dad.
I might have his drive.
but I don't have his heart.
- Well. Heath has his heart.
It's big. and it's good.
And he needs someone
to protect it.
And that's you.
- You're wrong. Mom.
And I'm not gonna let Heath
waste what he has
on someone like me.
- [scoffs]
Come here.
[both sigh]
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- I'll call you as soon
as I get back home. okay?
I love you. Ma.
- I love you.
- And will you call him.
please?
- [chuckles]
- It's time.
- Yeah.
Merry Christmas.
- Merry Christmas.
- [sighs]
♪ ♪
Hey.
- Hey.
You want some coffee?
- Sure.
You going somewhere?
- I'm gonna stay
with Blake tonight
since her husband isn't
gonna be back for Christmas.
but I'll be back
tomorrow morning
for the sleigh ride's last day.
- You know I don't wanna close
any more than you do.
- Of course I do.
- Who knows?
Maybe I'll come up
with one great idea.
- Or maybe a few.
- [chuckles]
Hey. Heath.
I wanted to tell you.
[chuckles]
I wanted you to know
that no matter what happens--
I mean. I know I could never
take your mother's place.
but I do love you like a son.
- [sighs]
Deb.
Oh. I love you too.
So much.
Hey.
You never mentioned Wyatt
was gay to me before now.
Why was that?
- Well. he's my son.
It doesn't define him.
It doesn't define you.
You're just two good people
that I dreamed
might meet one day
and hit it off.
Love comes
at different times
in different ways.
and you can't anticipate it
because you never
see it coming.
But if we find it.
we better hold onto it.
- Oh.
[sighs]
Hi. Carlos.
It's Deb.
Oh. I'm fine.
Thanks.
Um. listen...
[laughs]
I was just wondering.
are you doing anything
this evening?
[chuckles]
[indistinct PA announcements]
- Hey. yeah. I should land
early tomorrow morning.
- And you think we can
make this deal happen
by the new year?
- I am certainly gonna try.
- You can do better than that.
I just landed us
Ponderosa Organics. Wyatt.
- I know. and I also understand
that my entire promotion
depends
on one very good idea.
one surefire sell.
- Exactly.
- What if it was more
than just one thing?
- A race track
is what my buyer discussed.
That's just one thing.
- Right.
But what if
it wasn't your buyer?
What if it was my buyer.
and I got him
to sign off on an idea
that I just got right now?
And what if--
just hear me out here--
what if we're able to tie in
the new organics brand
that you just bought out?
- I'm listening.
It better be a big idea.
And you still owe my buyer
a property west
if that's the case.
- Hugh. I love you.
Thank you. thank you.
Thank you so much.
Look. I gotta go. but I will
get you a new property
as soon as I possibly can.
- Wyatt. don't do
anything risky.
- Me. risky?
No. never.
I promise you. surefire sell.
[sighs]
Oh. do me a favor.
Will you send me Mariana from
PR's contact right now. please?
- Fine. fine.
It's coming your way.
- Merry Christmas. Hugh.
- Hey.
We could watch
"A Christmas Story."
- [sighs]
Yeah.
- We could make
Christmas cookies.
Maybe we could just open
each other's gifts.
Hmm?
I see a smile.
Okay.
- Whoa.
- [chuckles]
- Let me guess.
A new pair of boots.
- What. no.
I got that for you last year.
[both laugh]
And I got them for you
this year too
because. well. you know.
you always need new boots.
- Wow. these are
really incredible. Blake.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Wow.
- Okay. my turn.
My turn.
[chuckles]
Thanks.
- [chuckles]
- Heath.
[sighs]
I'm not even pregnant yet.
- But you will be.
And I wanted to be the first
to get your little baby
their first
gender neutral wardrobe.
- Thank you.
Oh. come here.
- Love you.
- [exhales]
- Who could be here so late?
- I don't know.
- Okay.
[hopeful music]
♪ ♪
- Sam.
Uh. what are you--
- I just got my one-year
sabbatical approved
starting January 1st.
Merry Christmas. babe.
[both laugh]
Hey.
- Hey.
- Mom!
- Wyatt.
What are you doing here?
- I think I may have figured
out a way to save the ranch.
Well. a lot of ways.
but I'm gonna need your help.
And yours.
- Well. I guess
I'm glad I came.
[both laugh]
- Wait. Carlos.
You're here.
Well. well. well.
We might just have
a merry Christmas after all.
I guess I'll leave you to it.
[hopeful music]
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
Heath. merry Christmas Eve.
- What is all this?
- Pretty incredible. right?
- Merry Christmas.
Your tickets.
- It is incredible.
Deb.
Where did all these people
come from?
- They're here
for the carriage.
Can you believe it?
We have not had a turnout
like this in a dozen years.
- But how?
- Wyatt's boss had his PR gal
send out a social media blast
to all the followers
of a little company
you might have heard of.
Ponderosa Organics.
- Ponderosa Organics.
but what do we have to do
with Ponderosa Organics?
- A lot now.
Wyatt struck a deal
with them this morning
to open their next organic farm
right here
on our western expanse.
- But what about
the horse race track?
- The only horses that
you're gonna see on this ranch
are ours.
[chuckles]
- All right. this one is
for you and this one is yours.
- Thank you.
- Sneaky you.
I was wondering where you
disappeared to this morning.
- Yeah. I got a little text
from Deb
that you needed
some extra hands.
- Yeah. here we go.
We got fresh hot cocoa.
Real milk. or organic oat?
We have both.
- I'll have milk.
- I'll try the oat.
Thank you.
- All right.
now who here is ready
for a winter wonderland
adventure?
[kids cheers]
- Well. I say he makes
a mighty fine cowboy.
- Sure does.
Hey. we'll meet you
on the carriage.
Snazzy.
- [chuckles]
- What are you doing back here?
I thought you'd be back
in New York at the office
or out partying
in Fire Island by now.
- I came back to say I'm sorry.
And to thank you.
What I said was a lie.
It wasn't any of you
who were in hibernation.
It was me.
I didn't even realize it
until I came back here.
Until all these people I love
woke me up.
Until you did.
- And what is this about
you buying the ranch
instead of your investor?
- It now belongs to me
and one other investor.
We're gonna split the farm
between Carlos' property
and our south side.
so the horse land won't suffer.
Well. a few acres
for sustainability.
but the majority will remain--
horses. stables. everything.
- I'm still not moving
to Manhattan.
- Good. that's a relief because
the way things are headed.
Mom's gonna be retired
and married in no time
and someone needs
to run this ranch.
the horseback riding lessons.
and--oh.
Once we turn the carriage ride
into an affair
for all seasons.
well. I was hoping
that maybe you would
consider a promotion.
To partner.
- [scoffs]
Partner?
- Well. the lots of little
ideas was kind of your idea.
- I don't think it's a
good idea for me to stay here.
What. with our history.
we shouldn't be
working together.
even if you are out there.
- That's a good point.
What if I were here?
- Why would you be here?
- Well.
we're expanding out west
and as the newly appointed
senior VP.
I should probably spearhead
that venture.
Not to mention. I need to find
my boss a new property.
He's not too thrilled
about me stealing this one
from his buyers.
but most importantly.
I would really like
to take you out on a date.
A real one this time.
We can go horseback riding.
A little dancing.
Wherever you wanna go. I'm in.
- Good.
'Cause you still owe me
that projector movie night.
Just don't screw it up
this time.
- I won't.
You got plans tonight?
Your heart's beating fast.
- That's on you.
[clicks tongue]
[birds chirping]